A dog chewing on a object held in a hand.
a group of young people getting ready to go ski
A man that is laying down underneath a cat.
A pair of rusted scissors stuck in a stone sculpture.
A gray tiger cat sitting at a wooden table on a chair.
A table topped with donuts and a small box of even more donuts.
An elephant with a man and three children on its back drinking water in the jungle.
A street with various buildings on each side and a clock tower.
A crowd of people shopping at a farmers market filled with fruit and vegetables.
two dogs sharing a frisby in their mouth in the snow
A blue boat docked on a green lush shore.
A large train is coming down the track between a beautiful mountain.
Two horses with red feathers on top of their heads.
a man cts into a small cake with his sharp knife
A man riding a brown horse down a city street.
A man in costume talking on a cell phone.
A pile of oranges sitting inside of a basket.
A little boy in a baseball uniform holds the bat ready to swing.
A group of people gathered to celebrate a birthday.
A man holding a giant pair of black scissors.
A cat with its paws halfway into an open toilet.
A herd of animals laying down in a lush green field.
Two kayaks, one pink the other yellow, on bank of water. 
A plate topped with two grilled sandwiches and a knife.
A pencil is sitting on a ruler with a pair of scissors.
A man instructing a group of kids on a soccer field.
Vegetables are displayed in a wooden barrel outdoors.
A white teddy bear sitting next to a brown teddy bear.
The baby sits on the furniture holding a toothbrush in his mouth.
A group of elephants with one elephant raising it's trunk and dust and dirt coming up behind it.
Young boy riding large breaking wave in open ocean.
there is a green clock in the street
A guy is near a busy street in a foreign country.
A man in hat made of bananas standing in room by men.
a white vase with a blue and yellow bird
A painting of a table with fruit on top of it.
A bird in a pot eating a fruit.
A harbor filled with boats floating on water.
A black train car with a group of men standing on the back of it.
the boat is tied up on the lake 
An antilope is eating grass in between two zebra.
A fluffy white chair that faces away fro a television.
A man on a bicycle riding next to a train
A young girl eating a slice of pizza.
Two giraffe standing next to each other near  brick building.
A small canopy next to a dresser in a wood paneled room.
a table set for three with food and wine
THERE IS A PERSON THAT IS SITTING IN THE BOAT ON THE WATER
Two giraffe standing next to each other in a forest.
A man in black leading an all white horse
A piece of meat on a plate next to broccoli.
A yellow bear is on the sofa.
A red fire truck with a bunch of Christmas decorations on back of it.
A donut covered in chocolate sitting next to a cup of coffee.
some black and white sheep a fence dirt and grass
A zebra is standing outside in the snow
Two elephants are standing by the trees in the wild. 
A parade on the street with a person riding an elephant.
A man kicking a soccer ball whle standing on a field.
A multi colored dish with broccoli and white twisted pasta in it.
A stop sign at the intersection of Lyndon Ave and South.
A close up of a zebra foraging on some grass
a small elephant walks in a lush forest
A woman embracing a child carrying a bag of luggage.
A small red plane sitting on top of an airport tarmac.
a woman with flowers in her hair staring at the horse next to her
A large jetliner flying under a cloud filled sky.
a woman standing near glass looking at the preparation of fresh donuts
There's a field of brown grass with zebras in it
A little boy in mid swing at a baseball
A man getting ready to kick a soccer ball.
A very cute brown dog with a disc in its mouth.
A large white dog is sitting on a bench beside an elderly man.
A guy in a jet ski goes fast in a curve. 
A man hit something that exploded with a bat.
a photo of a train heading down the tracks 
A man standing with a glass in his hand.
Young woman with sheep on straw covered floor.
Two Mallards float and drink water in a shallow pool.
An elephant stands in the grass staring out.
the two racquets are close to being identical.
A person on skis flying over a snow track. 
people on bicycles ride down a busy street 
Two ducks floating together on a body of water. 
The large blue train is covered with rust.
an elephant walking through the weeds in the forest
Two birds who are looking out of the cage they are in.
A red stop sign sitting next to country road.
A herd of sheep are grazing in a green field.
A large brown horse walking through a lush green forest.
A traffic light and many cars on a road.
Several elephants are in a habitat as heads are in the foreground.
A herd of buffalo grazing on grass next to the ocean.
An elephant and a rhinoceros stand not far from each other.
a ram is looking at the camera and standing on some grass
A small white mouse sleeping on top of a remote control.
A few llamas in a fence with fog over them.
three boys are enjoying a video game at home
A bunch of people sit in an open court yard
The animal is standing by the booth at the event.